[Australia]- set up landing page and site (#2140)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/australia/2024/news/welcome.rst

Call for Proposals
-------------------

Every year, Write the Docs invites people from all across our community to come up on stage to share their insights and experience.
We're looking for ideas and use-cases from all disciplines and roles, so whether you're a technical writer, developer, UX designer, community manager, or support professional who cares about content and communication, we want to hear from you!

We plan to launch our CFP early to mid June and have it last until mid-September.
Get started coming up with ideas for the conference now.

Tickets
-------

Tickets will officially go on sale in **July {{ year }}**.
We will announce ticket prices soon, so that you can start planning your budget.

As always, we keep ticket prices low so that it is accessible to the widest range of people possible.
However, if you can't afford these prices and still wish to attend, we will bringing our Opportunity Grants program back again this year.

Sponsorship
-----------

We are planning to do similar sponsorship levels again this year as last year.
In addition to the regular sponsorship levels, we have additional ways to sponsor our online events.

> See our `sponsorship prospectus <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2024/sponsors/prospectus/>`_ for all the options.

Reviewer: Prospectus is linked from, here :-D

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

> .. post:: May 10, 2024

Reviewer: Wanna tweak this to 6th? So it shows on the landing page.

   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}}, website, tickets

Announcing Write the Docs Australia {{year}}
==============================================

G'day and welcome to the official launch of `Write the Docs Australia {{year}} <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/{{year}}/>`_,
our seventh conference.

We're excited to announce the dates for our next conference:
**Write the Docs Australia 2024 will be on November 28-29, in Melbourne**.

> Write the Docs Australia will be an in-person conference, similar to our pre-COVID conferences. 

Reviewer: Last year was in person too right?

It is a beautiful library space located alongside the Yarra river, at the Docklands precinct of Melbourne.

.. image:: /_static/conf/images/pics/Lib-Dock.jpg

Library at The Dock is Australia’s first 6 star Green Star rated public building and we will have access to these spaces:

* The Performance space where we will be hosting our conference talks.
* The Community Room which will host the unconference sessions, and where our snacks and drinks catering will happen.

It also has *outdoor seating* and a *park* directly on the property for plenty of fresh air and free space.

.. _Library at the Dock: https://www.melbourne.vic.gov.au/community/hubs-bookable-spaces/the-dock/library-at-the-dock/Pages/library-at-the-dock.aspx

Call for Proposals
------------------

Every year, Write the Docs invites people from all across our community to come up on stage to share their insights and experience.
We're looking for ideas and use-cases from all disciplines and roles, so whether you're a technical writer, developer, UX designer, community manager, or support professional who cares about content and communication, we want to hear from you!

> We plan to launch our CFP early to mid June and have it last until sometime until mid-September.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We plan to launch our CFP early to mid June and have it last until mid-September.
```

> Get started coming up with ideas for the conference now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start thinking about  ideas for your talk now. ;-)
```

Tickets
-------

Tickets will officially go on sale in **July {{ year }}**.
We will announce ticket prices soon, so that you can start planning your budget.

As always, we keep ticket prices low so that it is accessible to the widest range of people possible.
However, if you can't afford these prices and still wish to attend, we will bringing our Opportunity Grants program back again this year.

Sponsorship
-----------

We are planning to do similar sponsorship levels again this year as last year.
In addition to the regular sponsorship levels, we have additional ways to sponsor our online events.

> See our `sponsorship prospectus <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2023/sponsors/prospectus/>`_ for all the options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our `sponsorship prospectus <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2024/sponsors/prospectus/>`_ for all the options.
```

Reviewer: Is the prospectus updated? @swapnilogale

Author: It is now!
